[barcode-scanner][camera][iOS] update requestPermissionsAsync microphone validation (#12860)
expo/expo: packages/expo-camera/CHANGELOG.md

### 🎉 New features

- On iOS added new `codec` parameter in `recordAsync()` method and new method `getAvailableVideoCodecsAsync()` that queries the device for available video codecs. ([#12772](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/12772) by [@ajsmth](https://github.com/ajsmth))

> - On iOS added new `requestCameraPermissions()` and `requestMicrophonePermissions()` methods which gives more fine-grained control over requested permissions. ([#12860](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/12772) by [@ajsmth](https://github.com/ajsmth))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new `requestCameraPermissionsAsync()`, `requestMicrophonePermissionsAsync()`, `getCameraPermissionsAsync()` and `getMicrophonePermissionsAsync()` methods which gives more fine-grained control over requested permissions. ([#12860](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/12772) by [@ajsmth](https://github.com/ajsmth))
```

Author: Good call - although `requestPermissionAsync()` for iOS has the same behaviour - only requests access to camera, the microphone prompt only comes up when audio capture begins (e.g `recordAsync()`) is called

Author: also `recordAsync()` is not available on web so this method is just to keep parity (no need for microphone permissions) - although this is commented out as a TODO so maybe I will look into tackling video capture for web at some point!
